This is the README file for TinyMUSH 3.

Please look at the following files for details on specific aspects of
TinyMUSH 3.

INSTALL			Installation instructions
CONVERT.MUX		Converting from TinyMUX.
CONVERT.TINY22		Converting from TinyMUSH 2.2
FAQ			Frequently-asked questions

CHANGES			TinyMUSH 3.0 changelog
CHANGES.TINY20		The old CHANGES file from TinyMUSH 2.0.10p6
CHANGES.TINY22		The old CHANGES file from TinyMUSH 2.2.5
CHANGES.MUX		The old CHANGES file from TinyMUX 1.6

CREDITS			Credits and thanks

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

TinyMUSH 3 began as a project to fuse the TinyMUSH 2.2 and TinyMUX
codebases, in an effort to create a best-of-breed server that combined
the best features and enhancements of both, and then built additional
innovations and increased stability on top of that merged codebase.

TinyMUSH 3.0 is not a rewrite; we wanted to maintain close to 100%
backwards compatibility, and the sheer scope of effort that would have
been necessary in order to create a new server from scratch was beyond
our available time resources. However, every line of the code has been
gone through in the process of creating TinyMUSH 3.0. A large number
of bugs have been fixed, portions have been rewritten to be cleaner
and more efficient, and a slew of new features have been added.

The initial TinyMUSH 3.0 release was jointly developed by David
Passmore and Lydia Leong; Robby Griffin joined the team with the
release of 3.0 beta 18, and Scott Dorr joined with the release of
3.0 beta 23, and the team expects to continue to maintain TinyMUSH 3
into the forseeable future. Though we will continue to welcome
contributions from the MUSH community, we expect to remain the primary
developers. We believe that this will be the clear platform of choice
for MUSH users in the future, and we highly encourage existing
TinyMUSH 2.2 and TinyMUX users to upgrade.

We expect that server stability during the beta period to be, on the
whole, comparable to or better than up-to-date patchlevels of TinyMUX
and TinyMUSH 2.2. Problems or issues should certainly be reported to
us, and we will do our best to ensure that they're fixed.
